hello welcome this is uh this is DX
viewer and I will be making a review on
arcade hoops for DSi 2200 points so else
that's worth the points but some other
games there are 200 points better than
it like army defender which I will be
reviewing later so let's get started
Arkady's skyworks
turn the volume down
six while for the screen to come up here
we go
so there are three game modes classic
progressive and three-point classic well
it's not really much of a difference in
gameplay but classic two points three
points it switches and progressive okay
let's go to options see what there is
music volume adjusting and sound effects
as well there's three different tracks
this one is you could hear me this one
here and the third one the one I always
pick this track to it just I don't know
matches a basketball feeling so let's do
this show some gameplay so there's your
time in this corner to score the hoop if
you don't know what to get the ball in
there or those non smart people and here
we go playing hoops like Kobe Bryant
yeah okay maybe not as good this isn't
even real 200 points I guess it's worth
it
I mean I thought it was worth it got it
I thought it would be fun what can you
say well this is gameplay wise touch the
ball move left and right leg up shoot
once you get 10 seconds to start beeping
yada yada ya food let's wish hotshot 44
by the way that's pretty good score
judge then here's all the ideas scores
oh man it's like high school with a 99
so yeah that's it for this review 200
points no I think it's worth it if you
don't have this game yet and that's 200
points is all you got get it unless you
want to save it for other games but if
you don't want to wait get it out